Add docs for the View Transitions Module Level 1 (#24627)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/viewtransition/ready/index.md

---
title: ViewTransition.ready
slug: Web/API/ViewTransition/ready
page-type: web-api-instance-property
status: experimental
browser-compat: api.ViewTransition.ready
---

{{APIRef("View Transitions API")}}{{SeeCompatTable}}

The **`ready`** read-only property of the
{{domxref("ViewTransition")}} interface returns a {{jsxref("Promise")}} that fulfills once the pseudo-element tree is created and the transition animation is about to start.

> `ready` will reject if the transition cannot begin. This can be due to misconfiguration, for example duplicate {{cssxref("view-transition-name")}}s, or if {{domxref("Document.startViewTransition()")}}'s callback returns a rejected promise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ready` will reject if the transition cannot begin. This can be due to misconfiguration, for example duplicate {{cssxref("view-transition-name")}}s, or if the callback passed to {{domxref("Document.startViewTransition()")}} throws or returns a promise that rejects.
```

Author: Updated!
